For this exercise, you need to use the Swiss heart disease dataset again,
but you had to load it directly from
the csv instead of the intermediary step of using Pandas.
This can be especially useful where you have larger datasets where Pandas
might not work and or you are not exploring the dataset.
The second part of this exercise require you to
use two Tensorflow feature column functions.
First, we use the numeric function as we did in the lesson,
and then we take that output and use it for the bucketized column function.
Let's go through this in more detail with first the ETL step.
I provide the path to the dataset,
the batch size, and the predictor field name.
As mentioned in the instructions,
you should use the make csv dataset function,
which takes arguments that for the most part should be pretty self-explanatory.
However, there is one key argument that you might have missed, which is epochs.
You need to set epochs to 1 or else you will
create an infinite dataset that loops over itself.
I had some issues debugging this earlier when I
realized that this was not the default behavior.
So then we just take a sample of the loaded dataset to confirm,
and then use the Tensorflow numeric column to make that feature.
So in this case, we don't use
a normalizer function for creating the numeric column feature.
So then you create the bucketized column.
You should read the bucketized column documentation
and check that you're parsing the right arguments.
The key is adding the age bins to the boundaries argument.
So you can see I've created these arbitrary age boundaries for creating the buckets,
and then I've added that list to the boundaries argument here.
I chose some random boundaries,
but you might have some specific ones that you need.
Finally, to illustrate this solution,
I used the demo function like we did in the lesson.
So you can see here,
here are the boundaries.
I took one example of one transform row here.
You can see the 1 here is indicating actually that this is a value between 65 and 80.
You might wonder why there are
nine different values here when there are a lot less buckets?
Well, there's actually a bucket for values less than zero and greater than 100.
So that's where it becomes more than what you might expect.
Nice job building a bucketed numeric feature.